Device Settings: Upon Successful Call of Remote SSH, Trigger the UseDeviceDetails Hook

-----
Refactor the code to use the Device Details Hook. Show the user the command returned in the device data.

-   Fix the SSH Page to trigger a polling of the device info to detect when the SSH property becomes present
    
-   Trigger useDeviceDetails hook after the send command was successful
    
-   `mc.instrumentation.remote_ssh` will show the details and the user should be presented with the command line.
---
## Stormy's Notes
See the SSH command and be able to copy it.

`mc.instrumentation.remote_ssh`
when there is not remote ssh set up for it.
when loaded, will have the data
we care about the command property.

Use snippet component to show corrent command.

We don't get a updated device, 

useDeviceDetails hook: isPolling is important.
when you get success message, you want to start the polling of the useDeviceDetails.
when set isPolling to true, 
isPollingDevice
suggest: set interval to 1 second

useEffect might need to be updated because [device] won't change.
you need to get the device from useDeviceDetails.

remote-ssh.tsx

----

## remote-ssh.tsx
### handleEnableRemoteSSH
When users click on Enable Remote SSH button, `handleEnableRemoteSSH` function will be called.

`isError` is set to `true`.

get `command` from `getEnableRemoteSSHCommand()` (a helper function from features/devices/helpers/device-commands-helpers). Prepare command that need to be sent to backend


`isRequestingRemoteSSH` set to `true`.
Send `command` via `sendCommands` method (from lib/FreedomSDK/methods/device/send-commands)

If send command success -> show a global notification (setToast), set `isError` to false.

segmentTrack
`isRequestingRemoteSSH` set to `false`.

### useEffect 1
State `isDeviceAvailable`: used to disable/enable the [Enable Remote SSH] button. Determined from `device.connection_status`.

State `remoteSSHDetails`: stores the `mc.instrumentation.remote_ssh` object.
- `mc.instrumentation.remote_ssh.command` is the ssh command that users need.

State `SSHCommand`: stores `remoteSSHDetails.command`. 

State `isRemoteSSHEnabled` determined by 
- if device['mc.instrumentation.remote_ssh'] exist
- and if device['mc.instrumentation.remote_ssh']  is not an empty object


### useEffect 2
if `remoteSSHDetails.command` exists, and `selectedSSHOption` equal to SSH_OPTION_DESKTOP: set `SSHCommand` 
else
set `SSHCommand` to `remoteSSHDetails.command` 

(prepare different `SSHCommand` depends on users' choice of SSH OPTION: SSH_OPTION_CONSOLE vs SSH_OPTION_DESKTOP)



----
## useDeviceDetails.ts
use the help of `getDeviceDetails` method from FreedomSDK

This hook takes three arguments:
- deviceId: an id string
- pollingInterval: a number
- isPolling: a boolean (we stop polling when we discover the ssh command from the device)

This hook returns an object:
- devce: a FreedomDevice
- isLoadingDeviceDetails: boolean
- refreshDeviceDetails: a function

Stormy: 
useDeviceDetails hook: isPolling is important.
when you get success message, you want to start the polling of the useDeviceDetails. (in `handleEnableRemoteSSH` function)
when set isPolling to true, 
isPollingDevice
suggest: set interval to 1 second